Video: TOP 5 Trading Strategies that WORK with PROOF - Forex Day Trading
Video ID: GVw0Rl8VHws
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVw0Rl8VHws
================================================================================

I have tested many different trading strategies
100 times on the Trading Rush Channel, some
of them made a lot of money and gave very
high win rates, and some of them lost. I even
made a top 5 strategies that actually work
video, but since then, we have tested more
trading strategies 100 times, and some of
them were way better than the strategies mentioned
in the last video. So in this video we are
going to see the top 5 trading strategies
that actually work in 2021. Furthermore, the
TR Score is available for almost all strategies
tested on the Trading Rush Channel, because
the strategy with the highest win rate is
not always good for you. If you are new here,
Subscribe and ring that notification bell,
and check out other videos on the Trading
Rush Channel, where we tested more indicators
100 times to find their win rates. After all,
you don't want to put your hard earned money
on an indicator that doesn't work.
If we visit the Trading Rush Website and click
on the TR score, you will find strategies that
I have tested rated not just by Win Rate,
but also by How easy to use it is, its reliability,
consistent profits, and quality.  Now last
time when I did a video like this, I rated
strategies by their win rate. that's not a
problem after all we are looking for strategies
that win more than they lose. But some strategies
like the Bollinger Bands we tested on this
channel, can be very difficult to trade with
for a beginner trader, compared to something like
the super trend indicator. That's where the
Trading Rush Score comes into play. You can
come to the Trading Rush Website, and find
the best trading strategy, that has a high
win rate, that is so easy to use that even
your dog can use it, it is reliable, is consistent,
and gives high quality trades.
 
The top sixth trading strategy, that got a
good TR score, is the Ichimoku Cloud Trading
Strategy. When I tested the Ichimoku cloud
strategy, it gave an approximate win rate
of 53 percent. The win rate is not as high
as some other strategies you are about to
see next, but remember, 53 percent is actually
a profitable win rate, because the strategy
was tested with a 1.5 to 1 reward risk ratio.
And when you are making more money on winning
trades, and losing less on lost trades, anything
higher than 50 percent is an excellent win
rate. You can watch the Ichimoku Cloud video
on the Trading Rush Channel to learn more
about the strategy, and to see the backtesting
clip for proof, you can find the Ichimoku
video on the Trading Rush Website. Ichimoku
Cloud Trading Strategy got a 6.8 out of ten
in the win rate category. But this indicator
is a mess, and can scare away new traders.
Even though Ichimoku Cloud gives a lot of
information about the price, stops you from
taking trades in the range market, and shows
where to set the stop loss, it is not beginner
friendly as some other indicators. So it gets
a 4 out of 10 in the easy to use category.
For the reliability category, Ichimoku Cloud
gets a 7.3 out of 10. Entry signals are good
but sometimes they are at the end of a move.
When I tested the Ichimoku cloud 100 times,
the profit graph at the end looked like it
was going up and there were not sudden upward
or downward spikes. So in the consistent profits
category, it gets a 7 out of 10. Ichimoku
Cloud tries to give entry signals in the direction
of the trend, and when it gives a proper entry
signal, price makes a good move in that entry
direction. So it gets a 8 in the Quality of
Trades Category. So the TR score is 33.1 out
of 50.
On the fifth spot, it's the Schaff Trend Cycle.
And as you can see, it got a lower score in
the Win rate category than the Ichimoku Cloud.
The Schaff Trend Cycle gave an approximate
win rate of 50 percent with a 1.5 to 1 reward
risk ratio. Ichimoku Cloud gave a 53 percent
win rate, so there is not a big difference
between 50 and 53. But the Schaff trend cycle
is so easy to use that any beginner trader
can understand it quickly. It looks like a
RSI indicator but is better. You can check
out the Schaff Trend Cycle video on the Trading
Rush Channel, to see the backtesting clip
for proof, and to learn more about it in detail.
Since it is easy to use, in the easy to use
category, it got a way better score than the
Ichimoku Cloud. But in every other category,
it got a slightly lower score, because of
the lower win rate and less consistent profit
graph. The Schaff Trend Cycle got a TR score
of 34.6 out of 50.
On the fourth spot, it's the MACD combined
with Stochastic Trading Strategy, but I'm
not going to count this one as a best strategy,
because even though it had a high win rate
with a good reward risk ratio, the high win
rate was mostly because of the MACD indicator.
Check out the MACD and stochastic video to
learn more. And instead of trading with this,
trade with any other strategy I am going to
mention next.
Now time for the top 3 indicators that are
best overall.
On the number 3, it's the Know Sure Thing
Trading Strategy. If you compare it with the
Ichimoku Cloud Strategy, you can see that
both of them got the same score in the win
rate category. That's because Know Sure Thing
got a win rate similar to the Ichimoku Cloud.
The Know Sure thing looks like the MACD indicator,
but while testing, I found out that the Know
Sure Thing Entry signal is a bit late than
the MACD signal. It is very easy to use and
gets a 7.5 out of 10 in the easy to use category.
Sometimes it gives entry signals near the
end of a move, so it gets a 7.3 out of 10
in the Reliability category. In the Trading
Rush App, the profit graph was consistent
but not as consistent as some strategies you
are about to see next, so it gets a 6.5 out
of 10. Since Know Sure Thing is trying to
show the end of the pullback in a trend, the
quality of the trades are good and price makes
a good move in the entry direction when the
entry is right. So in the Quality of the Trades
category, it gets a 8.3 out of 10. So the
TR Score is 36.4 out of 50. To see the proof
and to know more about the Know Sure Thing
Trading Strategy, check out the Know Sure
Thing Video on this channel.
On the Number 2, it's the Donchian Channels
Trading Strategy. Donchian Channels is a strategy
that I was not expecting to perform this good.
It gave a win rate of approximately 58 percent,
and is the second highest win rate we have
seen on the Trading Rush Channel. So it gets
a 7.5 out of 10 in the win rate category.
The Donchian Channel indicator looks simple
at the first glance, but the strategy I mentioned
in the Donchian Channel video, can be a little
tricky for a beginner because of the higher
high and lower low rules. So it gets a 7 out
of 10 in the easy to use category. If you
don't know the Donchian Channel strategy
and to see the backtesting proof, check out
the Donchian Channel video on the Trading
Rush Channel. The strategy doesn't give a
lot of false signals, so it gets a 8 out of
10 in the Reliability category. When I tested
this strategy 100 times, the profit graph
in the Trading Rush app went almost straight
up with no major spikes. So it gets a 7 out
of 10 in the consistent profits category.
In the Donchian Channel video, since I modified
the Donchian channel strategy to take trades
in the direction of the long term trend, many
times price actually makes a good move in
the entry direction when the entry is right.
So in the Quality of the Trades category,
it gets a 8.5 out of 10. Not any higher, because
sometimes the stop loss according to the Donchian
Channel Strategy is way too big. So the TR
score is 38 out of 50.
On the Number 1 place, subscribers of the
Trading Rush Channel probably guessed it already,
it's the MACD trading strategy. MACD strategy
had the highest win rate we have seen on this
channel, which was more than 60 percent. It
is easy to use, but it gets a 7 out of 10,
because when MACD gives an entry signal, many
times the price makes a big move while the
entry candle is still running. So you have
to know when to immediately take MACD entry
signals and when to wait for the price to
give a discount. MACD strategy has a zero
line and 200 moving average rule, which indirectly
filters many false signals in the range markets.
So it gets a 8 in the Reliability category.
If you don't know about the zero line rule,
or to see the backtesting  proof and to learn
more about the MACD strategy, check out other
MACD videos on the Trading Rush Channel. When
I tested the MACD strategy 100 times, the
profit graph was very consistent. And it gets
a 7 out of 10 in the consistent profits category.
MACD is one of the best trading strategies.
We modified it to take trades in the direction
of the long term trend direction, and because
it is a momentum indicator and tries to show
the end of a pullback, in the quality of trades
category, it gets a 9 out of 10. There is
nothing better than taking trades at the end
of the pullbacks of a long term trend. So
the TR Score is 38.8 out of 50.
And that's all. Visit the Official Trading
Rush Website to see TR scores of other Trading
Strategies. If you want me to test any other
strategy 100 times, Subscribe and ring that
notification bell. After all, you don't want
to put your hard earned money on an indicator
that doesn't work. Maybe support the channel
on Patreon and see In-Depth Trade Analysis.
Thanks a lot for watching.